Add new envoy tracing configuration (#13998)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/connect/proxies/envoy.mdx

  </CodeTabs>

- `envoy_listener_tracing_json` - Specifies a [tracing 
  configuration](https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/api-v3/extensions/filters/network/http_connection_manager/v3/http_connection_manager.proto#envoy-v3-api-msg-extensions-filters-network-http-connection-manager-v3-httpconnectionmanager-tracing)

>   to be inserter in the public and upstreams listeners of the proxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  to be inserted in the proxy's public and upstreams listeners.
```
